Rules of Behavior

NIST will only accept open source submissions, per the Open Source Initiative’s definition of “open source”. Upon submission, materials will be public, considered to be open source, and may be altered and shared.

This is a moderated platform. NIST reserves the right to reject, move, remove, or edit any submission, including anything that:

● promotes pay-for services or products;
● includes personally identifiable or business identifiable information according to Department of Commerce Office of Privacy and Open Government guidelines;
● use NIST's logo or official seal or claims NIST endorsement;
● is inaccurate;
● contains abusive or vulgar content, spam, hate speech, personal attacks, or similar content;
● contains malicious code, such as viruses, malware, timebombs, cancelbots, worms, Trojan horses or other potentially harmful programs or other material or information;
● infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any intellectual property rights, privacy rights, or any other rights of any person or entity;
● violates any applicable law, statute, ordinance, rule or regulation, including, without limitation, United States export laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations and the Department of Commerce Export Regulations;
● is clearly "off topic";
● makes unsupported accusations; or,
● contains .exe,.jar or similar executable file types.*
*These file types will not be merged into the NIST repository; instead, NIST may link to these if hosted elsewhere.



Representations and Warranties & Software Use Agreement

Any references to commercial entities, products, services, or other nongovernmental organizations or individuals on the site are provided solely for the information of individuals using this page. These references are not intended to reflect the opinion of NIST, the Department of Commerce or the United States, or its officers or employees. Such references are not an official or personal endorsement of any product, person, or service, nor are they intended to imply that the entities, materials, or equipment are necessarily the best available for the purpose. Such references may not be quoted or reproduced for the purpose of stating or implying an endorsement, recommendation, or approval of any product, person, or service.
This platform is provided as a public service. Information, data, and software posted to this platform is “AS IS.” NIST MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND DATA ACCURACY. NIST does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of the software or the results thereof, including but not limited to the correctness, accuracy, reliability or usefulness of the software. You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the software and you assume all risks associated with its use, including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and the unavailability or interruption of operation. This software is not intended to be used in any situation where a failure could cause risk of injury or damage to property. NIST SHALL NOT BE LIABLE AND YOU HEREBY RELEASE NIST FROM LIABILITY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE), WHETHER ARISING IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE SOFTWARE (OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SOFTWARE), EVEN IF NIST HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Availability, Data Integrity and Content Retention

GitHub and externally linked resources are NOT hosted by NIST; NIST is not responsible for service outages and does not guarantee up-time.
NIST does not guarantee data retention of content on the GitHub repository/platform or externally linked resources. It is encouraged to retain local and backup repositories, data, files, code or any resource posted in this GitHub repository.
NIST does not guarantee the integrity of data within this GitHub repository. While the repository is moderated for malicious content; NIST is not responsible for any damage or loss incurred by accessing and/or downloading content on this repository.

Moderators

Public Safety Internet-of-Things Moderators:

Donald Harriss:
GitHub Contact: @dharriss1
Email Contact: donald.harriss@nist.gov
Donald is the Senior Network Engineer for the Communication Technology Laboratory (CTL), Public Safety Communications Research (PSCR) Division within NIST.  Donald is currently researching the Public Safety Internet of Things (IoT) and Cyber security IoT technologies. Donald received his Masters of Science in Telecommunications from the University of Colorado and his Bachelors of Science in Telecommunications from Murray State University.

Alison Kahn: 
GitHub Contact: @amk4
Alison is an Electronics Engineer with NIST’s Public Safety Communications Research (PSCR) division. Alison is currently the project lead for First Responder Personal Area Network research, sponsored by the Department of Homeland Security Science and Technology directorate.  This project is working to identify and address barriers in the assimilation and utilization of IoT data during first responder field operations.

Augmented Reality Applications Leveraging Public Safety Data Moderators:

Scott Ledgerwood:
Email Contact: scott.ledgerwood@nist.gov
Scott Ledgerwood leads the UI/UX portfolio at NIST PSCR where he is focused on improving usability and user interface testing for first responders. His team is developing new test methodologies leveraging VR/AR to enable improved research, testing and development of first responder technologies. They are also conducting research and development on technology systems like camera and video capture devices for improving user experiences. Scott holds a BS in Applied Information Technology from George Mason University, an MBA from Bellevue University and an MS in Telecommunications from University of Colorado Boulder.

Paul Merritt:
GitHub Contact: @paulmerritt
Paul joined PSCR in 2018 after finishing his degree at NYU in Computer Science with a minor in Game Engineering. Paul has experience programming for a variety of augmented reality headsets and prior to joining NIST worked with LA Fire on creating AR training tools for radio communications. At PSCR, he's created several proof of concept prototypes to facilitate research and development in AR as well as the current CHARIoT challenge.

CHARIoT Challenge Moderator:

Sarah Hughes
Email Contact: psprizes@nist.gov
GitHub Contact: @SLHug!
Sarah Hughes is a prize challenge specialist at NIST. As part of the Public Safety Communications Research Division, Sarah manages internal and external R&D, communications, legal, administrative, and procurement resources to design and implement prize competitions and pre-commercialization efforts to advance PSCR's mission. Sarah holds a Master of Public Affairs degree from the School of Public and Environmental Affairs (SPEA) at Indiana University and a Bachelor of Arts degree from DePauw University.
NIST Public Safety Communications Research Division.

Learn about NIST's Public Safety Communications Research Division by visiting our website.

Contact NIST to submit feedback, including future topics of interest, or for assistance with contributing to the space: pscr@nist.gov.